operators: Add docs for amend commission schedule (#218)
oasislabs/docs: src/operators/stake-management.md

escrow account's active debonding balance into our escrow account's active
balance.

### Amending a commission schedule

We can configure our account to take a commission on staking rewards given to
our node(s).
The commission rate must be within bounds, which you also configure.

Let's generate a transaction to (i) tell everyone that our bounds allow us to

> set any rate (0%-100%) and that (ii) we'll take 50%.

Author: HOW DID YOU DO THAT MULTILINE SUGGESTION

> set any rate (0%-100%) and that (ii) we'll take 50%.

Reviewer: He he :slightly_smiling_face:.

See https://github.blog/changelog/2020-02-26-multi-line-code-suggestions-beta/.

We're not allowed to change the commission bounds too close in near future, so
you'd have to make changes a number of epochs in the future.

> Here we're setting a bound to start on epoch 16.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In the example, we're setting the bounds to start on epoch 16.
```

An account's default bounds are 0% maximum, so we have to wait until our new
bounds go into effect to raise our rate to 50%.
Because of that, we'll specify that our rate also starts on epoch 16.

```bash
oasis-node stake account gen_amend_commission_schedule \
  $TX_FLAGS \
  --stake.commission_schedule.bounds 16/0/100000 \
  --stake.commission_schedule.rates 16/50000 \
  --transaction.file tx_amend_commission_schedule.json \
  --transaction.nonce 4 \
  --transaction.fee.gas 1000 \
  --transaction.fee.amount 1

> ```

Reviewer: Do we need to explain that numbers are percents with 3 decimal places of precision?

Author: that's in the CLI help. Eh we might as well duplicate that here

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To submit the generated transaction, we need to copy
`tx_amend_commission_schedule.json` to the online Oasis node (i.e. the `server`)
and submit it from there:

```

I know it's repetitive but I would add this part for consistency with other examples.

Author: ah yeah that's good for us to do that consistently

```bash
oasis-node consensus submit_tx \
  -a $ADDR \
  --transaction.file tx_amend_commission_schedule.json

> ```

Reviewer: Hmm... when I submit this transaction in my test setup, I get:
```
ts=2020-03-04T18:45:17.50838635Z level=error module=cmd/consensus caller=consensus.go:88 msg="failed to submit transaction" err="rpc error: code = Unknown desc = amendment: rate schedule 1 steps exceeds maximum 0"
```

Reviewer: I used Oasis Core 20.3.2.

Author: You'd need to run these on a network where commission schedules are "enabled." with `max_rate_steps` and `max_bound_steps` above the `0` mentioned in that error message.

Reviewer: Aha, thanks for the explanation.

After that, we can [check our account's info], and we should see something like
this:

```json
{
    "general": {
        ...
        "nonce": 5
    },
    "escrow": {
        ...
        "commission_schedule": {
            "rates": [
                "start": 16,
                "rate": "50000",
            ],
            "bounds": [
                "start": 16,
                "rate_min": "0",
                "rate_max": "100000"
            ]
        }
    }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps add a sentence or two on how and when the commissions are collected?
Also, maybe quickly explain what the rate means, i.e. 50% of what?

Author: ok

Reviewer: I read the explanation, very good job!

To troubleshoot an amendment that's rejected, consult our [compendium of 23

> common ways for a commission schedule amendment to fail][compendium].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: tip
To troubleshoot an amendment that's rejected, consult our [compendium of 23
common ways for a commission schedule amendment to fail][compendium].
:::
```

I would separate this from the main text since parsing these tests is perhaps for a bit more advanced users :slightly_smiling_face:.
